# 1. Game background

At the beginning of the world, light and darkness were separated from chaos and light turned into heaven. Among them, the most powerful was the archangel of justice, gwendolyn, the archangel of courage, Alfredo, the archangel of wisdom, and Elvis. Weiss) Archangel of Destiny Heleno (Helena) Mo hope Archangel Melany (Melanie). Darkness turns into hell, in which demons live, Henrietta, Norton, and Yehudi are the supreme rulers of hell, mastering the power of fear, destruction, and abomination.

While the light and darkness were being separated, a piece of holy spring water fell in the sky. It was holy water that could enhance the vitality of all life. The holy spring water could be used to forge a world they wanted. In order to obtain holy water, angels and demons carried out tens of thousands of In the war of 1970, not every angel and demon were willing to oppose each other. With the help of angels and demons who were willing to live in peace, the archangel Gwendolyn obtained the water of the Holy Spring and created the land of the Holy Spring. In the land of the holy spring, the hybrid of the demon and the angel is called bryanna (bryanna). Due to the powerful effect of the hybrid, Bryanna is born with powerful abilities, and accompanied by the ability is to protect the land of the holy spring. But because For some unknown reason, some people in the land of the holy spring were deceived by demons in hell, and finally the water of the holy spring was stolen. Since then, the land of the holy spring has lost its shelter and plunged into the shadows. The history is called the "Shadow Era". year.
