# 2.1 Project Overview

ANGEL SOUL is an upgraded game. Users use the BSC chain wallet address to enter the DAPP, and can use MOL to subscribe for characters (7 characters, each character is level 1 at the beginning, and can continue to rise to the highest level 50) blind box, draw weapons ( Axe, staff, dagger, bow and arrow, glove, book, sword, each weapon has five levels) Blind box, the character can mine in the territory to obtain the holy water of experience, stamina, and knowledge. Territories are used to subscribe for large investors with BNB. After investors subscribe to territories, they can mine on the territory with their own characters or other players’ roles. The lord can obtain additional income from the entire territory, which is also the holy water of income experience. The Holy Water of Physical Strength and the Holy Water of Knowledge, the territories have ranking awards, and the top 10 territories with daily extra income have reward chests. Each kind of holy water of the user needs to be loaded into the corresponding holy bottles (experience holy bottle, physical strength holy bottle, knowledge holy bottle) to form an NFT before it can be used. The holy bottle must be purchased on the platform with MOL. The holy water of experience is consumed for character upgrades, the holy water of stamina is consumed for playing the dungeon of the game, and the holy water of knowledge is consumed when the weapon fragments are formed into weapons. After the holy water is put into the holy bottle to form an NFT, the user can use it by himself or go to the NFT exchange on the market to auction it. Player characters can be ranked after they are equipped with weapons, and the top 100 will have rewards.
