# 2.3 Game equipment

Equipment methods are divided into native equipment and casting equipment. Casting equipment is a skill that each character can use. Native equipment is directly generated by the equipment contract. The generated rarity is controlled by the rarity contract, and the distribution conforms to the density function. The casting equipment is carried out by the player. The player has the opportunity to obtain rare materials in the game. The materials themselves are also NFT props. The materials are rare.

The degree is also controlled by the rarity contract to ensure the consistency of the entire economic system. Players can use the materials they obtain to forge their own weapon, the sword of angels, and engrave them. Note that for different characters, the most important attribute value is Different, so the same piece of equipment brings different attributes to different characters. Better equipment will be able to increase the player’s probability of winning in the dungeon.

■Equipment upgrade

Players need to gain experience through battles to upgrade, and pass through the dungeon adventure to finally retrieve the water of the holy spring. Each battle will get a treasure chest. In addition to experience points, they will also get weapon fragments. The collected fragments can be cast into angels. The sword, only a higher level can enter a more difficult dungeon.

Each character can only conduct 5 dungeon adventures every 24 hours. The higher the level of the character, the higher level of dungeon adventures can be challenged.

■Material acquisition

Rarity materials are obtained through dungeon adventures, while ordinary materials can be purchased with tokens.
